Code	License Type	Indicator Name	Long definition	Source	Topic	Periodicity	Aggregation method	Statistical concept and methodology	Limitations and exceptions	License URL
NV.SRV.TOTL.ZS	CC BY-4.0	Services, value added (% of GDP)	Services correspond to ISIC divisions 50-99 and they include value added in wholesale and retail trade (including hotels and restaurants), transport, and government, financial, professional, and personal services such as education, health care, and real estate services. Also included are imputed bank service charges, import duties, and any statistical discrepancies noted by national compilers as well as discrepancies arising from rescaling. Value added is the net output of a sector after adding up all outputs and subtracting intermediate inputs. It is calculated without making deductions for depreciation of fabricated assets or depletion and degradation of natural resources. The industrial origin of value added is determined by the International Standard Industrial Classification (ISIC), revision 3 or 4.	World Bank national accounts data, and OECD National Accounts data files.	Economic Policy & Debt: National accounts: Shares of GDP & other	Annual	Weighted average	Gross domestic product (GDP) represents the sum of value added by all its producers. Value added is the value of the gross output of producers less the value of intermediate goods and services consumed in production, before accounting for consumption of fixed capital in production. The United Nations System of National Accounts calls for value added to be valued at either basic prices (excluding net taxes on products) or producer prices (including net taxes on products paid by producers but excluding sales or value added taxes). Both valuations exclude transport charges that are invoiced separately by producers. Total GDP is measured at purchaser prices. Value added by industry is normally measured at basic prices.
Financial intermediation services indirectly measured (FISIM) is an indirect measure of the value of financial intermediation services (i.e. output) provided but for which financial institutions do not charge explicitly as compared to explicit bank charges. Although the 1993 SNA recommends that the FISIM are allocated as intermediate and final consumption to the users, many countries still make a global (negative) adjustment to the sum of gross value added.	In the services industry the many self-employed workers and one-person businesses are sometimes difficult to locate, and they have little incentive to respond to surveys, let alone to report their full earnings. Compounding these problems are the many forms of economic activity that go unrecorded, including the work that women and children do for little or no pay.	https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by
